I’m a smarter baby, smarter
Smarter baby, smarter
Just one word I know the rest
I see through and break through
Wanna be a winner
It's all going to plan
I'm a newbie soon to be a butterfly
What I want is victory
I call it “sugar”
I'll never lose if all goes to plan
My sugar, sugar
They say I'm mean-mean-mean-mean-mean
I don't care sh-sh-sh-sh-sh
Instead of beauty blossomed from my defeat
I chose the more powerful "villain" instead
So that's me-me-me-me-me
I see-see-see-see-see
LE SSERAFIM leads me to victory
I’m a smarter baby, smarter
Smarter baby, smarter
Just one word I know the rest
I see through and break through
Wanna be a winner
It's all going to plan
I'm a newbie soon to be a butterfly
I’m a smarter baby
Work hard in secret
Everything like clockwork
I planned that, don’t be mad
If all goes to plan I'll never be
That loser, loser
They say I'm mean-mean-mean-mean-mean
I don't care sh-sh-sh-sh-sh
Instead of beauty blossomed from my defeat
I chose the more powerful "villain" instead
So I just wanna be me-me-me-me
I can see-see-see-see-see
LE SSERAFIM leads me to victory
I’m a smarter baby, smarter
Smarter baby, smarter
Just one word I know the rest
I see through and break through
Wanna be a winner
It's all going to plan
I'm a newbie soon to be a butterfly
I’m a smarter baby
My clock goes tick-tock
Much needed shortcut
Found one, and I took it, huh
They say “that’s all luck”
I say, “no, it’s not luck"
My sweat's not lying, lying
Don’t slow down, this life's super fast
Best scheme, all mapped out
I'm ready for the best fulfilling life
Dinner of the winner,
That is what I want to get
I’m a smarter baby, smarter
Smarter baby, smarter
Just one word I know the rest
I see through and break through
Wanna be a winner
It's all going to plan
I'm a newbie soon to be a butterfly
I’m a smarter baby